##Anderson Campalas
##CruzID: 
### Parter: Darren Yu <dyu40@ucsc.edu>

##Work Split

I wrote:
-Field.c
-FieldTest.c
-Negotiation.c

I partially wrote:
-Message.c (decode)
-MessageTest.c
-NegotiationTest.c
-AgentTest.c

##Collaboration
I collaborated with my partner Darren Yu for writing, testing, and debugging our source files for this lab.

##Summary
The primary focus of the battle boats lab was to establish a state machine that could process the outgoing states prompted by the four other modules in order to implement the well known game "Battleship". 
Negotiation.c was responsible for determining the players' turn for attacking.
Message.c was responsible for message encryption and translation for players guesses.
Field.c created a field on which boats could be placed and guesses can be visualized.
And lastly Agent.c was responsible for generating events and prompts by taking in the events and parameters generated by Message.c.
Without a fundamental and cohesive understanding of message, negotiation, field, and agent, the game would not be able to function as requested.

As always, the Linux terminal as well as the MPLAB debugging tool was helpful for detecting errors after the code was written. One testing strategy we implemented was giving inputs to each function in order to test that select
outputs were being triggered. The only drawback to this approach was that it was very time consuming and almost impossible to test that every output and path functioned as intended.

In this lab, I learned how encryption and checksums work in a beginner sense. I was also able to gain more experience with implementing state machines as this lab used several of them.

If I were to make any change to this lab, it would be to give a deeper explanation on how to implement the individual processes of the lab and what is required in general in order to accomplish those processes.
As many students like myself are beginners when it comes to programming, the implementation and even the mere existence of process requirements are far from intuitive.
First, it would be helpful to provide sufficient information to the lab doc and lab files to make students aware of how each process is supposed to work and then make several suggestions to their approach from a coding perspective.

Overall, I am glad to have been exposed to concepts presented in this lab. And I am thankful for the professor and the TA's that made challenging and stimulating projects like this possible. The only thing I am frustrated about is that in the end my partner and I were not able to successfully implment the lab and enjoy playing game together.